docs(typo3): require Camino theme, drop empty distribution prompt (#8548) [skip ci] (#8548)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    ddev composer create-project "typo3/cms-base-distribution:^14"
    ```

>     Install the Camino default site theme, as [recommended by the TYPO3 documentation](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-getting-started/main/en-us/Installation/Install.html):

Reviewer: I would stick close to the wording that is used in the context of typo3 otherwise it puzzles people new to typo3 same as experienced users - the additional site in between default and theme makes it lengthy and hard to comprehend. how about something like: 

```suggestion
    Install the Camino default theme [recommended for TYPO3 Core](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-getting-started/main/en-us/Installation/Install.html):
```
*not sure if "Camino default theme" or the other way around "default theme Camino" is the better choice?

    ```bash

>     ddev composer req typo3/theme-camino

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ddev composer require typo3/theme-camino
```

        ddev config --project-type=typo3 --docroot=public
        ddev start -y
        ddev composer create-project "typo3/cms-base-distribution:^14"

>         ddev composer req typo3/theme-camino

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ddev composer require typo3/theme-camino
```
